At this point I just want to give a little
recap before we've kind of gone through so
far to lead up to ultimately what you
see up there, the Server Setup, right?
So we took you through the application and
at very basic level.
>> Mm-hm.
>> Right,
we just showed it taking a picture
>> Using all the libraries you
pulled in and a small script, and
then we added a bunch of effects
that were provided by SimpleCV.
>> Yeah.
>> So we just got to kind of use those
functions and show that we can, you know,
apply a gray scale, put little green boxes
around faces with facial recognition,
and was it the contour, right?
>> Yeah.
>> So really cool stuff.
Now, what we want to do is we
want to provide you remote access
to these images, right?
Because you might not be home or
you might not be exactly
right by your camera with hard
access to the Dragon Board 410C.
So, in order to do that, we want to
show you how to build a server, and
we did this on Android a couple times,
but we want to do it on Linux.
>> With the help of Python.
>> Yeah, with the help of Python.
So, Randy's going to kind of walk
you through all this, right?
>> Yeah.
Right.
>> Okay.
>> Go ahead and
take a look at your
Dragon Board right now.
>> Dive right into
the Dragon Board screen.
>> So the first thing I want to
mention is earlier we had the
>> Pictures all in desktop, but
I went ahead and moved everything into
the Pictures folder right here, so
let's open up, we have our four
images just like last time.
So, the first thing is pretty simple.
What you want to do is CD right into
the picture directory, so it'll be here,
and if we do a quick LS, we can see all of
our pictures right here, and then python.
Since we've already installed everything,
all the python libraries and stuff,
we don't need to do anything extra.
We'll just type python -m.
The dash m makes it so
your website will only show the things
in this current directory, so
it doesn't have to see every
single file on your dragon board.
Python SimpleHTTPServer, and
the number following
this would be a port that
will be connected to this
to see all these files.
So just enter, and then there you go.
It has, it's serving.
So let's just check it out
on the Dragon Board itself.
If we open the web browser.
Let's see here.
>> Did you click?
There you go.
>> Yeah.
So
if we typed in, oop, 0.0.0.0, Colon 8080.
There we go.
>> How about that.
>> So we see that all these
things are kicked in right now.
Just going to click on this.
There we go.
>> That was images.
>> Nice.
>> So we can see them on the Dragon Board.
>> So, he's accessing it from
the Dragon Board, right?
>> Yeah.
>> But as long as you're connected to
the network.
>> Yeah.
You should be able to that too.
>> Should be able to see it.
So then, yeah, real quick,
to access it from say a computer, right,
or yeah, a computer, so remote.
I need to cancel this really quick,
so Ctrl+C this, and
then we're going to need to do
something called /sbin/ifconfig
,and right here we can
see under your wlan0.
>> [LAUGH]
>> We can see your IP right here.
So we're going to save that somewhere,
so we'll just type it in.
172.20.10.7.
Cool, and now,
we run again the server one more time,
and we'll take a look at it in my laptop.
>> So now, we're going to do is we're
going to actually access the same thing we
just access, but, from a remote
>> Yeah.
>> Location.
No longer hardwired into the-
>> Right.
So we just type in 172.20
>> Remotely.
.10.78080.
Let's see here.
Sweet, there it is.
>> All right, so the exact same directory
that you saw on your Dragon Board.
Hey, look at that.
Look at those good looking guys.
>> [LAUGH] Servicing disk crashed.
Did it crush on the Dragon board?
>> No. There you go. >> All right.
Cool.
>> Sometimes it might lag.
Maybe there's a little hiccup.
That's pretty normal now.
>> I mean, there's a lot of interference.
>> Unfortunately.
>> There you go.
All right.
Cool.
>> Yeah.
>> That's good.
>> Yup.
So, that's a pretty cool very,
extremely simple server.
Which just a quick Where
do they say all your files?
So, a cool thing we can do is
make your camera continually take shots,
and that's what exciting, right?
>> Yeah, so.
>> because, I mean,
what if you want to monitor what's
happening around your house.
You don't want to use up
too much storage either,
you just want to kind of take a shot
every three seconds, or something.
>> So, maybe
>> Like this image right now, and
then a couple minutes later, it changes
because the camera just took a new shot.
So I'll go a ahead and show you how to
do that right now on the drawing board.
>> Alright, so let's switch over
back to the Dragon Board screen.
See what's the, see how we can do this.
>> Yep.
Alright, we can go ahead and, oops.
We'll go ahead and cancel this server,
and we'll go back.
No.
We don't need to go back.
We'll be using something called cron tab.
It's a little tool I've
shown a while back.
So to get it, you do, you'll just
issue can sudo apt-get install cron.
Now, we already have this so
we won't need to do it, but
you guys will need to
install it really quick.
Give it a second to download,
install, and after it finishes,
go ahead and type in crontab -e.
This is,
we're editing your crontab script.
Now on your first launch,
it'll ask you Illifrent Editor,
because cointab needs to be edited,
somehow.
So, we're going to just use VMBasic,
so we'll hit 1 right here.
Enter, cool.
Everything is right here.
Go all the way to the bottom.
We'll go ahead and put in our command.
So, what cointab basically does,
is it will continuously repeat.
>> A command line command for
you, and the syntax is basically
right here, as you can see.
Let me use a mouse right here.
It's minute, hour, day of the month,
the month, and the day of the week.
Now, that might be a bit
confusing at first, but
you guys can just Simply look up and check
out the documentation they have on it.
So, for us, we're going to
need the lowest time setting.
>> Maybe that'll be a quiz question.
>> Yeah.
>> [LAUGH]
>> It will.
Make sure you look it up.
So we'll have the camera
taking shots every minute.
So we do just a * * * * and
* for every minute, every hours.
>> Wait, why don't we have it do it
like every, can you not do seconds?
>> Yeah, actually on content we can't
do anything less than seconds, but
I have a pretty neat workaround,
I'll show you in a sec.
>> Do you do like minute divided 60.
[LAUGH]
>> That means if you do a star divided by
60, it means every minute
is divisible by 60, so.
>> Gotcha
>> All right so then too Yeah since
Quintab is in a different directly
you'll have to use the entire file path.
So we'll do /user/bin/python to
run Python and then we have our
Our code in the CV Project,
so home/linaro/Desktop/CV\
Project/ I believe it was Basic CV App?
Double check that, like, yep.
Okay, BasicCVApp.py.
So that'll be a line telling it to
execute this script every minute.
So work around is so if we can do every
media again, but will do type in say 30 so
sleeps for 30 seconds, so
that makes it run every 30 seconds
>> After the first minute.
Yeah so after a minute it will run this
very top line it will run both of this,
but it will run this,
and wait 30 seconds and
it will run the next time
>> So this is the way to get yourself
to be able to take pictures say, every 15
seconds or something if you wanted to.
Desktop, CV,
Project/BasicCVApp.py Awesome,
so we just go ahead, save and quit,
and now it says installing new crontab.
So, every minute now we should
be able to take new pictures.
>> Yeah, so this is just showing you that
crontab is taking these pictures and
we still haven't access them
through the server, but
we showed you that we can access them now.
There you go.
See if we can get a picture.
So every minute, and then after that when
it turns into 30 seconds, 15 seconds.
>> Every 30 seconds.
>> There you go.
So now it's just doing this automatically.
>> So I'm not going to do anything, and
then we go ahead, and actually I'll go
ahead and run the server again so let's.
>> Yeah, so now what we're going to do
is we're going to run the server, and
we're going to access the pictures as they
are taken, every x amount of seconds.
>> Let's look at you.
Look at it.
[LAUGH]
>> [LAUGH] The camera taking a picture of
the camera.
>> [LAUGH]
>> With the TV in the background.
>> So yeah, as you can see, so
this is the browser with the IP,
and then you can obviously check it
out on your laptop again as well.
[LAUGH] All you need to do
is refresh the page, and
then it'll upload the new images.
Cool.
>> That's it, yeah.
>> That's about it?
>> Yeah, that's about it.
>> Let's show them one more time though.
Let's access them through
the browser on the Mac.
So we're going to switch over to the Mac,
and
we just want to access these
pictures one more time.
So it's going to still be running, right?
>> All right.
That's an old one.
So this is a problem
you might have as well.
So, we have the webpage running
on the Dragon Board, but
for some reason it's not working.
So, this is easily solved
by going ahead and
launching another instance of your
terminal in the Dragon Board, Well,
looks like we're switching
back to the Dragon Board.
>> Yeah.
And then we'll type in sudo ping, and
then you'll need to find out
the IP address of your system,
so that could be through
your wireless settings or
anything like that, but mine is 172.20.10.
Put 4 and we just give it a sec and
this is initiating
issue in it by pinging your
laptop to the drawing board.
Your laptop will be able to recognize
that the Dragon Board's actual server.
So there we go.
So it's pinging, which we cancel this.
>> So now we cancel it and
we switch back to the
>> Yeah,
switch back to the
>> To the Mac
>> To the computer.
Let's refresh this.
Everything is there.
So let's check it out.
It's you.
>> Man.
>> [LAUGH] It's you.
You forgot it takes pictures
every 30 seconds, right?
>> Yeah.
So there we are.
>> All right, so it's just.
>> What's going on?
What happened?
>> So only that one got refreshed.
>> All right, so
you can see we PNGed the server.
We were having a little glitch there.
Sometimes it stops recognizing it and
thinks that it's unreachable, but.
So once you PNG it, and
then you You kind of re-activate it, so
to say, and
now we can go back to the Mac, and
what we're going to do is we're going
to show that what we're doing is,
the whole plan is to take a picture
every X amount of seconds,
and then have access to those pictures
that are being taken on a remote computer.
So, let's go back to the remote
computer and just show kind of,
like I think one was taken
>> Yeah.
>> right beside a green light flash.
So, there you go.
While I was talking to you
>> Yeah.
>> That was taken, and now, let's just
show one more is going to be taken,
and let's just show a pop up on the.
I'll tell you when the green
light flashes here.
>> Yeah.
So remember,
we talked about facial recognition.
This is the facial recognition picture.
It isn't always, it depends on
what kind of XML value you use.
So, ours is,
we're using the parental phase one.
So as you see, we're missing
bunch of No facial features so
it won't be able to see us.
>> So just took another picture right now,
so, give it a second it should send it
over and we should be able to access.
So there you go, the picture changes.
>> There you go [LAUGH]
>> Now I just want to, you know for fun,
show you one more here.
Let's see if we can get a little picture
of you guys looking at the camera here.
So, one last One last picture.
Should show up, maybe, in like five
more seconds, ten more seconds.
Let's see, it's every thirty seconds.
>> I wasn't counting.
>> Yeah, so, anyways, hopefully,
you all had fun building this thing, and
as you can imagine, we're just going to
keep refreshing this because we can't see
the green light, it's pointed at you guys.
Point it at the camera, but
hopefully you had fun building this,
and I hope you understand how
powerful all of this stuff is.
All the way from the characteristics
that we were talking about,
the characteristics that we
talked about in lesson 1,
when we were talking about supplementals,
and concepts, and all of that stuff.
All the way until Getting to, there you
go, all right, so the picture changed.
All the way to showing you actually
executing these very powerful libraries
and using just a USB camera
on your DragonBoard 410c
to create very cool applications,
and I hope that you use this for.
For some really cool stuff.
Yeah, absolutely.
>> That about wraps it up right?
>> Yeah, that about wraps it up so
we'll see you in the next video.
Please check out the discretions and
what all of your fellow students and
classmates are doing for cool stuff.
I'm with multimedia projects like this,
but see you in the next summary video.